Docs: Add new section "How-to / Troubleshooting" and move 2 existing troubleshooting pages (#9914)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/troubleshooting/index.rst

> How to troubleshoot specific issues
> -----------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Troubleshooting Guides
----------------------
```

The original title didn't read like an index listing, but instead like a how to article. I think we should be pretty explicit in language around index or listing pages. 

I could even be convinced on something like `Troubleshooting Guide Listing` or similarly explicit.

In the following guides,

> you can learn how to fix specific common problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can learn how to fix common problems using Read the Docs.
```

.. File locations are a bit odd here because of legacy.

> .. We will move files to new locations and create redirects in a later refactor

Reviewer: This is a great comment, and I suggested somethign similar in another PR 👍

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   Build errors <../build-troubleshooting>

>    Slow builds <../build-using-too-many-resources>

Author: I left these pages in their original location intentionally. We will move pages and create redirects in a separate workflow.

Reviewer: This is another place where I think it probably makes sense to keep the original titles, since they are so close to these.

Author: Are you referring to changing original page titles or the fact that they are explicitly labeled in the TOC/Navigation?

If for the TOC/Navigation, I wanted to have it look like this:

```
Troubleshooting
  Slow builds
  Build errors
```

And not for instance:

```
Troubleshooting guides
  Troubleshooting slow builds
  Troubleshooting build errors
```

WRT page title changes, I wanted to reuse the pattern from before but got distracted...

```

.. _Old Title:

New title
=========

```

Reviewer: ```
Troubleshooting
  Slow builds
  Build errors
```

Yea.. that looks nicer for sure. I wonder about a feature where the section is included in the h1, as a type of Breadcrumb, so that we don't have to keep overwriting things in TOC's. Probably over-optimizing tho for a smallish use case, and also probably a bunch of places we _don't_ want this :)

Author: I want this, too, and I've been wondering if we could write this type of meta-data for pages before and use it in a template-like way. I think it's also okay to write it directly in the TOC. DRY is still retained.. we write the navigation title exactly where it is used, so even though it's a bit disconnected from its original source, it's still in a context where it seems "understandable".

Reviewer 2: We should consider SEO in case we want to automate this somehow. What's better "Troubleshooting: Slow builds" or "Slow builds" in the H1? Depending on the implementation (js/static) this could be a problem or not.

I don't think we are seriously talking about implementing this, tho, but I just want to mention this.

Author: Can you clarify? In this case, we would want the full title in the H1 and a shorter version in the navigation.

Reviewer 2: That sounds good to me 👍🏼
